RHIDP-5491 configure expiry on refresh token cookie (#899)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-enabling-authentication-with-github.adoc

        enterpriseInstanceUrl: ${GITHUB_HOST_DOMAIN}
----

`sessionDuration`::
Lifespan of the user session.
Enter a duration in `ms` library format (such as '24h', '2 days'), ISO duration, or "human duration" as used in code.
+
.`app-config-rhdh.yaml` fragment with optional `sessionDuration` field

> [source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]

Reviewer: @themr0c I'm honestly not sure how to format the `[source]` tag to accept both quotes and attributes, but I'm sure you do. :)

Author: This is not relevant, there is no attribute in this code block.

> `sessionDuration`::
> Lifespan of the user session.
> Enter a duration in `ms` library format (such as '24h', '2 days'), ISO duration, or "human duration" as used in code.
> +
> .`app-config-rhdh.yaml` fragment with optional `sessionDuration` field
> [source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
> ----
> auth:
>   providers:
>     github:
>       production:
>         sessionDuration: { hours: 24 }
> ----
> 

Reviewer: Just an example / future consideration for clear and consistent configuration examples across RHDH docs.
```suggestion
+
. (Optional) In your`app-config-rhdh.yaml` file, configure the `sessionDuration` field. For example: 
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
auth:
  providers:
    github:
      production:
        sessionDuration: { <session-duration> } (1)
----
<1>  Lifespan of the user session in `ms` library format (such as '24h', '2 days'), ISO duration, or "human duration" as used in code.
```

Reviewer: Callouts are acceptable. The docs.redhat.com site is not supposed to c&p callouts when the user uses the _copy_ function, but there has been a reported bug. Some guidelines suggest commenting the callouts out so they don't get unintentionally copied. 

OCP doc team follows these guidelines for callouts: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output

Reviewer: However, based on the way the rest of this doc is written, it is best not to change the format of this code block and value definition and to globally update the way we present our code blocks and configuration samples to align with recognized style standards and best practices under a separate PR.
